congratulationsforcorrectlydecipheringthetext.
thetextisaboutntuandsceobtainedfromtherespectivehomepages.introductiontontu:
youngandresearch-intensivenanyangtechnologicaluniversity(ntu)isthefastest-
risingasianuniversityintheworld'stop50.
theuniversityhasfivecollegesoneofwhichisonlyfocusedoninterdisciplinarygraduate
researchandanewmedicalschooltheautonomousleekongchianschoolofmedicinesetupjoin
tlywithimperialcollegelondon.ntuisalsohometoworld-
classautonomousentitiessuchasthenationalinstituteofeducationsrajaratnamschoolo
finternationalstudiesearthobservatoryofsingaporeandsingaporecentreonenvironmen
tallifesciencesengineering.ntuprovidesahigh-
qualityglobaleducationtoabout33000undergraduateandpostgraduatestudents.
thestudentbodyincludestopscholarsandinternationalolympiadmedallistsfromtheregi
onandbeyond.hailingfrommorethan70countriestheuniversity's3800-
strongteachingandresearchstaffbringdynamicinternationalperspectivesandyearsofs
olidindustryexperience.fivepeaksofexcellence-ntu'sfive-
yearstrategicplanntu2015mapsouthowitwillbecomeagreatglobaluniversityby2015.
underthisntuwillbuildonitscurrentstrengthsandheritagetomakeitsmarkinternationa
llyinfiveareas?sustainabilityhealthcarenewmediathebestoftheeastandwestandinnov
ation.theareasleveragentu?sdiversestrengthsparticularlyitslongstandingexpertis
einengineeringandbusinessandtheinterfacesthesehavewithvariousdisciplinessuchas
healthcarescienceandthehumanities.withalmosts$
849mofresearchfundingintheareaofsustainabilityntuisalreadyagloballeaderinthisa
rea.ntuhassetupamedicalschooljointlywithimperialcollegelondontomeetthechalleng
esofageingandhealthcareinsingapore.
theleekongchianschoolofmedicineanautonomousinstitutionwillpioneermedicalinnova
tionsandbringaboutenhancementstothehealthcaresystem.
diversedisciplinesfordiversetalents:
intheqsworlduniversityrankings2013ntuisranked41stintheworld?up33notchesinthree
consecutiveyears.
theuniversity?sinternationalstandinghasrisenrapidlyinrecentyearsandithasbeenco
nsistentlyrankedwithinthetop1%ofuniversitiesglobally(77thin2008;73rdin2009;
74thin2010;58thin201147thin2012).
inoctober2013ntuclimbed10placestoberanked76thworldwideintimeshighereducation'
sworlduniversityrankings.
thisisthethirdstraightyearofsharpascentforntuinthetimeshigherrankinghavingvaul
tedaphenomenal98positionssince2010.
forthefirsttimentuisranked1stintheworldforindustryincomeandinnovationabigjumpf
romlastyear?s15thplace.injuly2011ntubecamethefirstuniversityinasiatoberated5-
starsunderthenewqsstarsratingsystem.
thenewsystemisacomprehensiveevaluationbyqsacross30differentareas?abroaderrange
ofcriteriathantraditionalrankings.ntuscoredthemaximumof5-
starseachforeightkeyareas:
researchemployabilityteachinginfrastructureinternationalisationinnovationengag
ementandspecialiststrength.
theleekongchianschoolofmedicinentu?sjointmedicalschoolwithimperialcollegelondo
noneofthetoptenuniversitiesintheworldwilltrainfuturedoctorsforsingaporepioneer
medicalinnovationsandbringaboutenhancementstothehealthcaresystem.
thecollegeofengineeringtheworld?slargestengineeringcollegehassixschoolsfocused
ontechnologyandinnovationandaresearchoutputamongthetopthreeuniversitiesgloball
y.thecollegeofsciencewithaward-winningfacultyandworld-
classlaboratoriesrunssingapore?sonlydirecthonoursbachelor'
sdegreeprogrammesinthebiologicalphysicalandmathematicalsciences.
thenanyangbusinessschoolisrankedfirstinasiainaccountancyresearchandisconsisten
tlyrankedasoneofthebestasianbusinessschools.
itisalsooneofonlythreeinasiatobeawardedboththeequis(
europeanqualityimprovementsystem)andaacsb(
associationtoadvancecollegiateschoolsofbusiness)accreditations-
internationalhallmarksofquality.thecollegeofhumanitiesarts&
socialsciencesishometotheweekimweeschoolofcommunicationandinformationatopjourn
alismandmediaschoolinasia;afast-
growinghumanitiesandsocialsciencesschoolwithnichesofexcellence;andsingapore'
sfirstprofessionalartschoolofferingdegreecoursesinartdesignandinteractivedigit
almedia.theinterdisciplinarygraduateschoolsupportsphdresearchintheuniversity?s
interdisciplinaryresearchcentresinsustainableearthnewmediaandfuturehealthcare.
thenationalinstituteofeducationsingapore'smainteacher-
traininginstituteisinternationally-
acclaimedandprovideseducationalconsultancytocountriesfromabudhabitovietnam.
thesrajaratnamschoolofinternationalstudies(rsis)
anautonomousgraduateinstitutionofnturunstheinstituteofdefenceandstrategicstudi
eslongrecognisedasaworldauthorityonstrategicstudiesandsecurityresearch.
rsiswasrankedsecondamonguniversity-
affiliatedthinktanksinasiainthe2011globalgo-tothinktankrankings.
theearthobservatoryofsingaporeestablishedin2008withs$
150minstatefundingisdedicatedtohazards-relatedearthscience.
thesingaporecentreonenvironmentallifesciencesengineeringseekstobecomeaworldlea
derinresearchonmicrobialbiofilmswiththegoaloffindingnewsolutionsinwaterandenvi
ronmentalsustainability.well-roundedglobaleducation;tailoredprogrammesforhigh-
achieverstheuniversity'sacademicandresearchprogrammeswithreal-
worldrelevancehavereapeddividendsintheformofstrongsupportfrommajorcorporations
andindustryleadersintermsofbothresearchfundingandpartnershipsaswellasglobalint
ernshipopportunitiesforourstudents.ntu'
sundergraduateexperienceofferingabroadeducationindiversedisciplinesincludingre
sidentiallivingandinternationalexperiencehasalsoreceivedexternalendorsementfor
itsholisticcurriculumfeaturingarichselectionofmajorsandminors.
atntuacademically-
inclinedstudentswithayenforresearchcantakepartintheundergraduateresearchexperi
enceoncampusprogramme.high-
calibrestudentswithadeeppassionforscienceandtechnologyalsohavetheoptiontopursu
ethecnyangscholarsprogrammeapremierundergraduateprogrammethatpreparessciencean
dengineeringtalentsfortopgraduateschoolsaswellasgreaterfeatsinthe21stcentury.
throughitsoverseasexchangeprogrammesntuallowsitsstudentstostudydoresearchandwo
rkatsomeofthebestpartneruniversitiesandinternationalorganisations.
currentlyoneintwostudentsatntuhasatleastoneoverseaslearningopportunityduringth
ecourseoftheirundergraduatestudies.tech-
savvyandadaptablegraduatesoftheuniversityaresought-afterandwell-
paiddrawingsomeofthehigheststartingsalariesamonglocaluniversitygraduates.
distinctiveedgeinscienceandengineering;
nobelboostasthemainscienceandtechnologyuniversityinsingaporentuhasmadesubstant
ialcontributionstosingapore?sdriveforresearchandinnovationspearheadedbythenati
onalresearchfoundation(nrf)particularlyinthehigh-
investmentareasofbiomedicalsciencesenvironmentalandwatertechnologiesandinterac
tiveanddigitalmedia.
infebruary2010ntuwasgloballyranked8thoutof1084institutionsthathadattractedtheh
ighesttotalcitationstotheirpaperspublishedinthomsonreuters-
indexedengineeringjournalswith5912paperscitedatotalof28516times.
increasinglyntuhasbeenwinningthelion?sshareofsingapore?scompetitiveresearchfun
ds.fromapril2005tomarch2011ntuwonmorethans$1.3bincompetitiveresearchfunding.
infy10themostsignificantexternalcompetitiveresearchgrantreceivedwasfromthenrff
orthetum-createcentreforelectromobilitysetupwithtechnischeuniversitatmunchen(
tum).theuniversityhaswonatotalofs$
270mingovernmentfundingforitstwonationalresearchcentresofexcellence.
akeynodeinntu'
spursuitofresearchexcellenceistheendowedinstituteofadvancedstudiesfocusedonpro
motingscienceandtechnologyatthehighestlevel.
theinstitutehasattracted10nobellaureatesandafieldsmedallisttoitspanelofinterna
tionaladvisorsandregularlyfliesinnobellaureatesandotherscientificgiantstoenric
hthelifeandworkoftheuniversitycommunity.campuses-ntu'smain200-hagardencampus-
housessingapore'slargeston-
campusresidenceinfrastructureincluding16hallsofresidenceforundergraduatesandag
raduatehallattheyoutholympicvillageoftheinauguralyoutholympicgamesinaugust2010
.besidestheyunnangardencampusntuhasanothercampusntu@one-
northlocatednexttothebiopolissingapore'
sbiomedicalresearchhubandfusionopolisanewepicentreofengineeringandphysicalscie
nces.withitsstrategiclocationntuhassetupagraduateschoolattheone-northcampus.
thegraduateschoolwillbettersynergisetheuniversitywiththeconsiderablenationalre
sourcesinvestedinthebiopolisandfusionopolisandfacilitatecollaborationwithother
institutionsandagenciesintheone-northregion.ntu@one-
northisalsohometothentualumniclubhouse.
itsproximitytothecitymeansthatitismoreconvenientforalumnitogatherandconnectwit
htheuniversity.theone-northcampusalsoallowsntu'seveningandpart-
timestudentsbetteraccesssothattheuniversitycanenhanceitsdeliveryofcontinuinged
ucationprogrammesthroughthecentreforcontinuingeducationandconfuciusinstituteof
ntualsolocatedatthecampus.
in2008theewingmarionkauffmanfoundationoneoftheworld?slargestfoundationsforentr
epreneurshipselectedntuasthefirstkauffmancampusoutsideoftheus.
auniversityfortheworldntu?sglobalreputationattractsfacultystudentsandpartnersh
ipsfromasianorthamericaeuropeandbeyond.
workingwithlocalandglobalorganisationsntuactivelyexplorescross-
disciplinarysolutionsforthefuture.
amongitsacademicpartnersarethemassachusettsinstituteoftechnologystanforduniver
sitycornelluniversityandcarnegiemellonuniversityintheus;
cambridgeuniversityandtechnischeuniversit?tm?nchenineurope;
andpekinguniversityandwasedauniversityinasia.
ntuworkswithmanyglobalindustryandresearchleadersandhasdevelopedjointlaboratori
eswiththalesrolls-roycefraunhofer-
gesellschaftrobertboschandtorayindustriesinc.
in2009ntuledtheformationoftheglobalallianceoftechnologicaluniversitiescomprisi
ngseventopuniversitiestacklingsocietalissuesthroughleading-
edgescienceandtechnology.
theallianceharnessesthestrengthsofitsmembers?thecaliforniainstituteoftechnolog
yeidgen?ssischetechnischehochschulez?richgeorgiainstituteoftechnologyimperialc
ollegelondonindianinstituteoftechnologybombayntuandshanghaijiaotonguniversity.
ntualsocontributestotheglobalacademicenterpriseasamemberoftheaseanuniversityne
tworkassociationofcommonwealthuniversitiesassociationofsoutheastasianinstituti
onsofhigherlearningandworldeducationalresearchassociation.arichheritage:
nationalmonumentsoncampusgazettedasanationalmonumentin1998andnowhousingthechin
eseheritagecentrethebeautifullyrestoredformernanyanguniversityadministrationbu
ildingwithadistinctorientalcharacteroverlooksthehistoricalyunnangarden.
thenanyanguniversitymemorialandoriginalnanyanguniversityarchwerealsodeclaredna
tionalmonumentsofsingaporein1998.thentuart&
heritagemuseumisanapprovedpublicmuseumunderthenationalheritageboard?sapprovedm
useumscheme;
benefactorswhodonateartworksandartefactstontuenjoydoubletaxdeductions.
theschoolofcomputerengineeringprovidesafirmbroadfoundationforstudentswhoaspire
toarewardingprofessionalcareerinitrelatedindustries.
thedegreeprogrammesarebasedontherecognitionthatitisessentialforourgraduatestob
ereadytomeetgoalsandrisetochallengesaspartofaglobalworkforce.
thelearningcultureoftheschoolinstillsinourstudentsthereadinessandmentaltoughne
ssforalife-timeoflearningandupgradingofskills.
ourprogrammescombineadistinctiveblendoftheoryandpracticewithcriticalhands-
onexperienceproject-
basedlearningcommunicationandprofessionalskillsenhancedthroughcarefullyselecte
dindustrialattachments.
mindfuloftheglobalrolethatourgraduateswillassumeoverseasexchangesunderourgloba
limmersionprogrammewithinternationalprestigiousuniversitiesareencouraged.
weactivelypromoteanextensionofinterestsandrelatedskills.
ourstudentsmayoptforminorsinavarietyofareasincludingbusinesscommunicationstudi
esandentrepreneurship.sce?sgraduatesaremuchvaluedandmuchsoughtafter.
theyareplayingakeyroleinthecareerstheyhavestarted.
feedbackfromindustrytellsusthatourgraduatesareabletoevaluateoptionsrecogniseli
mitationsandsolveproblemsusingtheirtrainedabilitiesinavarietyofworktechnologie
s.ourgraduatesarefoundinwidelydiversefields.
theexcitingrangeofareasofworkincludesthefollowing.itsecurity.ispnetworkdesign.
digitalsignalprocessing.programminginbankingandindustrialenvironments.gaming.
robotics.theyareoutthereandmakingadifference.
theschooloffersdegreesincomputerengineeringandcomputerscience.
computerengineering:
theprogrammecombinesadistinctivefusionofcomputerengineeringandelectronicsengin
eering.rapidadvancesinmicroelectronicsandcomputersciencehavecreatedaneedforasp
ecialkindofengineer.
theschooltrainsthistypeofengineerwiththerangeofexpertisetomakeuseofthisnewtech
nologyinthedesignofcomputersystemsandtheirreal-
timeapplicationsinindustryandcommerce.theschoolensuresthatourbeng(
computerengineering)
graduatesareequippedwiththeanalyticalcompetenceofthecomputerscientistandthedev
elopmentanddesignskillsoftheelectronicsengineer.
thisismadepossiblebytheuniquecombinationofsubjectsfromthesetwodisciplineswithi
nthecomputerengineeringcourse.
thebroadknowledgeofprogrammingandelectronicscoupledwiththespecialistskillsinso
ftwareandhardwareinterfacingmakeourcomputerengineersimmenselysuitableforawider
angeofprofessionswithintheitindustry.computerscience:
computerscienceisconcernedwiththeefficientapplicationofcomputertechnologythrou
ghthedesignofsoftwarealgorithmsanddatastructuresdesignmethodologiesandlanguage
paradigms.
theprogrammeemphasisesthepracticaldesignofefficientandreliablesoftwaretomeetsp
ecifications.
computersciencesharessomecommontopicswithcomputerengineeringincludingcomputern
etworksinformationstorageandmanagement.
bothdisciplinessharefundamentalprinciplesaseachrecognisestheconstraintsimposed
byexistingtechnologyandapplications.
thedifferencesareintheemphasisplacedatthealgorithmicandconceptuallevels.
computersciencefocusesmoreonsoftwaredesignandconstructionanddoesnotincludesubj
ectsoncircuitsbasicelectronicsordigitalcommunications.
thekeydifferencebetweenthiscomputersciencecourseandasciencedegreeisthefocusonp
ractice-orientedapplicationofcomputersciencefoundations.
thisisevidentinthemandatoryindustrialattachmentgroupinnovationanddesignproject
sandcapstoneprojectsinthefinalyearandseveralothermini-
projectsthroughoutthecourse.acceleratedbachelorprogramme:
studentswhoperformextremelywellintheirstudiesinyear1semester1areofferedtheacce
leratedbachelorstreamwherebytheycanobtainanhonoursdegreeinatotalof7semestersas
opposedtothe8semesterstakenviathenormalroute.professionalaccreditation:
boththecomputerengineeringandthecomputerscienceprogrammesareaccreditedbytheeng
ineeringaccreditationboard(eab)ofinstitutionofengineerssingapore(ies).
iesisthesingaporesignatorytothewashingtonaccordwhichisaninternationalagreement
toprovideamechanismformutualrecognitionofthesubstantialequivalenceofengineerin
gacademicprogrammesinsatisfyingtheacademicrequirementsforthepracticeofengineer
ingattheprofessionallevel.
signatoriesincludeaustraliacanadataipeihongkongirelandjapankoreamalaysianewzea
landsingaporesouthafricaunitedkingdomunitedstates.employmentprospects:
computerengineeringgraduatesfindemploymentreadilyinboththepublicandprivatesect
ors.surveysofgraduatesconductedannuallybyanindependentorganisationforthetwosin
gaporeanuniversitiesshowthatourgraduatesareamongthehighestpaidintermsofstartin
gsalaries.
